Update cheatsheet links for intro-R and scRNAseq (#521)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: module-cheatsheets/scRNA-seq-cheatsheet.md

### Base `R`

Read the Base `R` documentation [**here**](https://rdrr.io/r/).

|Library/Package|Piece of Code|What it's called| What it does|
|---------------|-------------|----------------|-------------|
| Base `R`| [`rowSums()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/colSums.html)| Row sums|Calculates sums for each row|
| Base `R`| [`colSums()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/colSums.html)| Column sums| Calculates sums for each column|
| Base `R`| [`t()`](https://rdrr.io/r/base/t.html)  |Transpose| Returns the transpose of a matrix or data frame|
| Base `R`| [`prcomp()`](https://rdrr.io/r/stats/prcomp.html)| Principal Components Analysis|Executes a principal components analysis on specified matrix or data frame|
| Base `R`| [`<-function(x) { <code> }`](https://adv-r.hadley.nz/functions.html) | Function | Creates a function that would take the defined parameters as input and execute the commands within the curly braces  |

### `ggplot2`

> Read the `ggplot2` documentation [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/).

Author: First, this is a general thing to come back to for consistency.  

I much prefer presenting the overall landing page for the documentation, sans `reference`, because it allows them to hop anywhere in the ggplot2 docs without being strictly presented with an _overwhelming_ list of functions, most of which will be unfamiliar to them. Maybe we need a third opinion on this one..

> Read the `ggplot2` documentation [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/).

Author: Middle ground:  we can have it all!

> Read the `ggplot2` package documentation [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/), as well as an overall reference for `ggplot2` functions [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/reference/index.html).

> Read the `ggplot2` documentation [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/).

Author: > Just noting here that you didn't implement the same changes as in the intro here, but I think that is fine.

Can't hurt, will do. 

> Maybe just add geom_vline to the geom_hline section from the intro and remove it from the single cell doc?

Makes sense to me!

> Read the `ggplot2` documentation [**here**](https://ggplot2.tidyverse.org/).

Author: I've decided to also delete the final description bit that suggests `geom_vline()` and friends can _only_ be used on top of another geom.

| Library/Package|Piece of Code| What it's called| What it does  |
|----------------|-------------|-----------------|---------------|
| [`alevinQC`](http://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc//vignettes/alevinQC/inst/doc/alevinqc.html) | [`alevinQCReport()`](http://www.bioconductor.org/packages/devel/bioc//vignettes/alevinQC/inst/doc/alevinqc.html#generate-qc-report) | Alevin QC Report | Produces a QC (quality check) report from the alevin output |

> | [`dat`](https://rdrr.io/cran/dat/)| [`DataFrame()`](https://rdrr.io/cran/dat/man/DataFrame.html)| Data frame | Not to be confused with `data.frame()` from Base R. This is a slightly different data frame-like object needed for storing information in `SingleCellExperiment` object's `colData()`.|

Reviewer: I think `dat` is out of date for what is really being used here. I did not include a link to `S4Vectors`, because I think that is probably too much in the weeds.
```suggestion
| `S4Vectors` | [`DataFrame()`](https://rdrr.io/bioc/S4Vectors/man/DataFrame-class.html)| Data frame | Not to be confused with `data.frame()` from Base R. This is a slightly different data frame-like object needed for storing information in `SingleCellExperiment` object's `colData()`.|
```

> | [`colorblindr`](https://github.com/clauswilke/colorblindr#readme)|[`scale_color_OkabeIto()`](https://rdrr.io/github/clauswilke/colorblindr/man/scale_OkabeIto.html) | OkabeIto Color Scale | When added as a layer to a plot, makes the plot colorblind friendly |

Reviewer: Are we still using this? I think we had tried to get rid of it, as it is no longer being developed. It seems to still be in the machine learning module (that we have not updated in a while), but nowhere else.
```suggestion
```
